DS-2655: Add ontario-summary-list host component (#240)
ongov/ontario-design-system: packages/ontario-design-system-component-library/src/components/ontario-summary-list/readme.md

import { OntarioSummaryList } from '@ongov/ontario-design-system-component-library-react';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# ontario-summary-list

Use a summary list to group labelled answers for review before a user submits or confirms their information.

## Usage guidance

Please refer to the [Ontario Design System](https://designsystem.ontario.ca/components/detail/summary-list.html) for current documentation guidance for summary lists.

## Configuration

After installing the component package, add the summary list directly to your project and configure it using the properties below.

> `ontario-summary-list` provides the structural shell — the section heading and `<dl>` container. Row content is supplied through the default slot, typically using `ontario-summary-list-item` children.

Reviewer: I don't think it's common for us to call this type of information out, _and `<dl>` container_ f the web components. Here's a slightly reworded version:

```suggestion
`ontario-summary-list` provides the structural shell for the summary list and row content is supplied through the default slot, typically using `ontario-summary-list-item` children.
```

Author: Added your suggested change in c5d75fc3.

> Once the component package has been installed (see Ontario Design System Component Library for installation instructions), the summary list component can be added directly into the project's code, and can be customized by updating the properties outlined [here](#properties). Please see the [examples](#examples) below for how to configure the component.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like: After installing the component package, add the summary list directly to your project and configure it using the properties below.

Author: Added in `5f75ad4` with your suggested wording

> `ontario-summary-list` provides the structural shell — the section heading and `<dl>` container. Row content is supplied through the default slot, typically using `ontario-summary-list-item` children once that companion component is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ontario-summary-list` provides the structural shell — the section heading and `<dl>` container. Row content is supplied through the default slot, typically using `ontario-summary-list-item` children.
```

Author: Added in `5f75ad4`!

	<ontario-summary-list-item name="Phone number" description="123-456-7890"></ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="react">
```

```tsx
<OntarioSummaryList caption="Contact details" headingLevel="h3" captionActionLink={{ href: '/step/contact' }}>
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Email" description="gsmith@gmail.com" />
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Phone number" description="123-456-7890" />
</OntarioSummaryList>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="angular">
```

```html
<ontario-summary-list
	[caption]="'Contact details'"
	[headingLevel]="'h3'"
	[captionActionLink]="{ href: '/step/contact' }"
>
	<ontario-summary-list-item [name]="'Email'" [description]="'gsmith@gmail.com'"></ontario-summary-list-item>
	<ontario-summary-list-item [name]="'Phone number'" [description]="'123-456-7890'"></ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

<div>
	<OntarioSummaryList
		caption="Contact details"
		headingLevel="h3"
		captionActionLink={{ href: '/step/contact' }}
	>
	</OntarioSummaryList>

> </div>

Reviewer: The live example here does not match the sample code it is illustrating.  I'll call out that the `OntarioSummaryListItem`s should be added before this PR is merged.

Author: Yup I addressed it in the item branch in [this commit](https://github.com/ongov/ontario-design-system/pull/246/changes/c07f7e67488c05fd4d0ff89e40f38696927c34f8).

	<ontario-summary-list-item name="First name" description="George"></ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="react">
```

```tsx
<OntarioSummaryList
	caption="Personal information"
	headingLevel="h3"
	captionActionLink={{ href: '/step/personal-info', label: 'Update' }}
>
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Last name" description="Smith" />
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="First name" description="George" />
</OntarioSummaryList>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="angular">
```

```html
<ontario-summary-list
	[caption]="'Personal information'"
	[headingLevel]="'h3'"
	[captionActionLink]="{ href: '/step/personal-info', label: 'Update' }"
>
	<ontario-summary-list-item [name]="'Last name'" [description]="'Smith'"></ontario-summary-list-item>
	<ontario-summary-list-item [name]="'First name'" [description]="'George'"></ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

<div>
	<OntarioSummaryList
		caption="Personal information"
		headingLevel="h3"
		captionActionLink={{ href: '/step/personal-info', label: 'Update' }}
	>
	</OntarioSummaryList>

> </div>

Reviewer: This one also needs to be updated with `OntarioSummaryListItem` when it's merged in.

Author: Updated in [this commit](https://github.com/ongov/ontario-design-system/pull/246/changes/c07f7e67488c05fd4d0ff89e40f38696927c34f8) in the item branch.

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs
	defaultValue="react"
	values={[
		{ label: 'React', value: 'react' },
		{ label: 'Angular', value: 'angular' },
	]}
	groupId="framework"
	queryString="framework">
<TabItem value="react">
```

```tsx
<OntarioSummaryList caption="Contact details" headingLevel="h3">
	<Link slot="caption-action" href="/step/contact">
		Change
		<span className="ontario-show-for-sr">
			your answer for: <q>Contact details</q>
		</span>
	</Link>
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Email" description="gsmith@gmail.com" />
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Phone number" description="123-456-7890" />
</OntarioSummaryList>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="angular">
```

```html
<ontario-summary-list caption="Contact details" heading-level="h3">
	<a slot="caption-action" routerLink="/step/contact">
		Change
		<span class="ontario-show-for-sr">your answer for: <q>Contact details</q></span>
	</a>
	<ontario-summary-list-item name="Email" description="gsmith@gmail.com"></ontario-summary-list-item>
	<ontario-summary-list-item name="Phone number" description="123-456-7890"></ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

> 

Reviewer: The example here is missing a live example of it using the component.

Author: Done in [this commit](https://github.com/ongov/ontario-design-system/pull/246/changes/c07f7e67488c05fd4d0ff89e40f38696927c34f8) on the child branch.

		<a slot="action" href="/step/personal-info">
			Change
			<span class="ontario-show-for-sr">your answer for: <q>Last name</q></span>
		</a>
	</ontario-summary-list-item>
	<ontario-summary-list-item name="First name" description="George">
		<a slot="action" href="/step/personal-info">
			Change
			<span class="ontario-show-for-sr">your answer for: <q>First name</q></span>
		</a>
	</ontario-summary-list-item>
</ontario-summary-list>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="react">
```

```tsx
<OntarioSummaryList caption="Personal information" headingLevel="h3">
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="Last name" description="Smith">
		<a slot="action" href="/step/personal-info">
			Change
			<span className="ontario-show-for-sr">
				your answer for: <q>Last name</q>
			</span>
		</a>
	</OntarioSummaryListItem>
	<OntarioSummaryListItem name="First name" description="George">
		<a slot="action" href="/step/personal-info">
			Change
			<span className="ontario-show-for-sr">
				your answer for: <q>First name</q>
			</span>
		</a>
	</OntarioSummaryListItem>
</OntarioSummaryList>
```

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

> 

Reviewer: This example is missing the live component example as well.

Author: Added that in [this commit](https://github.com/ongov/ontario-design-system/pull/246/changes/c07f7e67488c05fd4d0ff89e40f38696927c34f8) on the child branch.
